it didnt matter to him that land wasnt his concern unless at the thought, arnall then read the
words that would bind these four young people together for a lifetime. "it is my fervent hope and my final
request, that upon my death, that my son robot alexander bassett and my niece, elizabeth lillian tyler any my
son, james andrew bassett and my niece,evelyn marie tyler do enter into the holy state of matrimony as soon
as i have been laid to rest." the sentence had been read, the gavel had been dropped. robot closed his
eyes, feeling trapped it was true that he had felt some attraction towards elizabeth and that her loving nature towards
his son had warmed his heart, but they didnt even know each other. they had only met hours ago!
he had always hated the thought of arranged marriages when a husband and wife were more like business patners and
now he was being forced into one and what about the girls? did they have a choice? what if the
twons didnt want to marry them? had tyler provided any support for them other than the land if they
dwcided not to marry? apparently not, it seemed the twins didnt have any choice in the matter which was
typical when he opened his eyes again, he glanced at elizabeth she still stared straight ahead at the solicitor, as
if she were deep in thought. she looked very calm, not panicked at all, or angry, or sad, and of
course, she and evelyn were holding hands he felt piqued by that and he didnt know why. and then
as if she had felthis eyes on her she turned to look at him she smiled this time, a
gentle, warm smile, and he felt ashmed og himself. jamie was the first to speak. he had been standing directly
behind evelyn while arnall had read the terms of the will, but now much to evenones surprise he moved
in front of her, knelt down on knee, covered her free hand with his own and with genuine feleling
said, "i shall take care of you, evelyn, i promis i shall do my best to always take care of
yo and keep you safe." "i know yo will, jamie. tahnk you." she answered, smilinng affectionately at him, he returned
the mutual smile, stood up, but stayed beside her and kept his hands on her shoulder. seconds skipped by and
robot realized evenone was waiting for him to do the same he looked at elizabeth and unlike evelyn, whose face
was now aflow, elizabeth was staring at her lap and picking at her fingernails. she looked like she was about
to cry and robert decided he needed to say something. he stepped up beside her, but he didnt get
down on her knee and he didnt make any promises. elizabeth had to look up at him as he
quitely asked, "areyou happy about this?" if elizabeth was surpised by his question, she didnt show it. it
seemed that in these past give months no one had ever ashed her or evelyn what they wanted to do
with their lives or if they were in any way troubled b the arrangements that had been made on their
behalf. they had simply been told what to do and when to do it, and just when she had the
chances to speak he mind and declare, not i am not happy, i do not want to marry you i
do not want to follow any more orders! she didnt do it. instead, with quite dignity, she answered, "i
am." "you do not want to wait and perhaps meet someone else" he persisted. "no." she said simply. robert stood
there looking at her in silence for a few minutes he wanted to scream at her, why? why are you
so accepting of these terms? he was so frustrated because he didnt understand her at all. she met his
gaze unwazeringly; there was no fear of him or revulsion or anxiety, just quiet acceptance.he finally let out a 
sigh, letting his frustrations go. he didnt want to fight her and he certainly didnt want to purposely
reject her and possibly hurt her feelings. there was time to get ansewers later. "very well, then." he said, drawing
himself up."we will marry as my father wishes us to and as jamie has prmoised your sister to care
fo her and to keep her safe, i shall also promise to do my best to care for you and
keep you safe." "thanks you." elizabeth murmured, a pleased look on her face. evelyn squeezed her hand and they shared
asmall, secret smile. robery made a face. what was going on? had they arranged this whole affair? but before
robot could think on it further, arnall spoke again. "now they we all in agreement ther is only the
matter of the four of you signing the marriage licenses that mr.tyler had me draw up earlier. then tomorrow
i shall register the docuemnts with the country clerk and pay the fee. the licenses will allow you to marry
at any time." "thank you, ohn." tyler said, "this makes me very happy, but there is on more thing the
girs mus hear. they must know the truth about robert and james." "what truth?" both elizabeth and evelyn asked simultaneously,
suddenly alert. "what have you not told us, uncle?" evelyn asked, sounding like a little girl, but tyler was too
tired to continue, he looked to jamie to do the explaining for him. "james will you..?" he fell silent, too weary
to continue. evelyn turned to stare at jamie. "jamie..?" she questioned in a small voice he let out a little
laugh. "tis not bad." he said, caressing her shoulder in reassurance. "were not monsters." "i never thought you
were but.." she stopped short, and robert wondered what she had been about to say. she had a guilty
