wait a minute, don t think about it, and it ll be fine. remember you re safe now. he took 
a deep breath, and found himself asking, so what was all this about the parcel of money anyway? what was 
it for? why did the american push it through the letter-box disguished as a fish super? the fish supper was  
a red herring, said amaryllis, and burst out laughing. it was dirty money -it had been used for drug 
trafficing. the american got it from the iranians your brother-in-law in fact, or his henchmen. they tricked the americans into 
being postman for them. told them you were a terrist and you d try and use the money for explosive 
to blow up a plane, but they were setting a trap for you to walk into - the payoff for 
the american was going to be your head on a platter. chiristopher shuddered. amarylliscontinued. your brother-in laws friend were 
waiting for the parcel to get to you, then they planned to tip off the police and tehy would find 
it any arrest you... they d be able totake the children without getting  in the way. the ameriacan  
bugged it so that if by some mischance the police didn t find it, you would do something silly with 
it, and he d be able to keep tabs on you. untill he got the chance to -well- 
you know the rest. take the children? my brother-in law s friends? it doesn t make sense does  it?he remembered 
the flash of insight he had experienced on the way to auchterderran. he didn t really want to believe that  
carpline s husband - faisal adn marina s father - was  a cook, but... amaryllis hesitated. i ll be fine  
he said. what was this to do with the children? everything, said amaryllis simply. simon and his sidekick were working 
for the children s father, in iran. but their father s a political prisoner.... no, he isn t a political 
prisoner. he s a drugs baron. he has so many people on his payroll that it s hard to find 
anybody who isn t working for him in certain areas. but he can t be - caroline said - christopher 
ground to a halt. caroline had let him believe the children s father was a political prisoner because he himself 
had gussed that was why the man was still in iran and not in scotland with his family. the children 
s father hadn t been prevented from leaving iran by the merciless penal system. he had deliberately chosen to stay 
there to be in the best postion to continue managing his drugs operation. no wander caroline was such a wreck 
she must have run away from him, and been constantly worried that he would send people after her. but why 
hadn t she told him? and what did amaryllis have to do with it? she was waiting now, watching him  
to gauge his reaction before saying any more. caroline managed to get herself and the children away from him 
being very brave, said amaryllis. she contacted us a few years ago, we got her out of iran. that 
was well before i retired. when it looked as if she might need protection they brought me out of retirement 
on a temporary basis, since i wanted to be here anyway.... i think i m going to have to leave 
town by the way. my cover s shot to pieces. if it hadn t for you, i would have 
been shot to pieces, said christopher. do you still need now that you ve really retired? pitkirtly s 
a nice quiet little place - well, apart from things that have been happening over the post few days, 
that is. you could pick a worse place to retire to, all things considered. he didn t know why he 
was rambling on like this. she didn t want to hear it, and he didn t think he was making 
sense anyway. getting back to what happened, said amaryllis, studiously ignoring his last couple of sentences, the children s father 
wanted to get them back, by fair means or foul. according to his value system, they belong to him - 
and so does caroline. he wasn t too bothered about her though - she was no longer of much use 
to him. too flaky.she said it without censure, just as a matter of fact. she carried straight on. he 
veruited simon, who was one of ours. a british spy? we call them agents.. somebody got suspicious of him, and  
they decided i should come out of retirement for a while and keep an eye on things here. simon was 
meant to be doing that and we wanted to give him just enough rope... his iranian friends got a bit 
out of hand though - that s what all the shooting aws about the other night, and the taking of 
steve paxman. so it was all part of the same thing? christopher tried to supress the naive surprise that was 
in his mind as he spoke. i must be sliping i used to be able to guess what my target
was going to do, and get ahead of him, and i very nearly left it toolate this time. simon 
s out of circulation now, but it may not stop with him. there could be others. you have to be  
aware of that. but we re building up a dossier about caroline s husband which we re going to pass 
on tothe iranian authorities when it s complete. he could be looking at a real jail sentences. not a 
soft option, iniran. what about the americans? wher do they fit in? they well, tehy haven t been very  
nice either. they wanted the kids too. they wanted to use them as bergaining counters. to get to their father. 
that was why they went along with all this stuff about terrorism they can t really have believed that














 



















on 



























was 















 

















