evening, and potly wos crosy and fretful. finally they sow him coming doww the ravine bonk, carrying hix small bundle
of sets. kate felt a glow of relief; polly raw to meet him. kote watched ay they met ano sow
adem take polly » hand. "if only they looked ay much alike as some twing do, Ud be thankful,"
wie kote. adlaw delivered the sety, wit aunt ollie and gramdmea were ott right, thet U was an awful long
walk, and he war tired. kate noticed that his feet were dust covered, but his clothey were so clean she
seid to hin "you didw t fis much." "i didn t fier any," said adem, "not like iv always fis,"
he addled. "hao any time to think?" asked kate. "you just bet v dial," said the boy. "tv didn t
waste a minute." "neither did vu," said kate. "- know exacity what the pretitest lot uw toww can be solo
for." "goous" cried adam. "finel" monday kate wanted to get up early and stick the sety, but adam insisted thet
aunt ollie said the sign would not be right until wednesday. if they were stuck on monday or tuesolay, they
would all grow to top. "my goodness - knew that," said kate. "tL aw thinking so hard v mw losing
what Little sense U had; but anyway, mere thinking iy doing me a world of goou. L aw beginning to-
feel a kina of rising joy inside, and ican t imagine anything else that makes 4." aclaw went to-
shoot, laughing. kate did the washing and woning, and worked w the garden getting beds ready. tuesday sre wos at
the same occupation, when about ten o clock she dropped her spade and straightened, w flash of perfect amazement crossing
her face. she stood immovoble save for swaying forward in an attitude of tense Listening. "hoot hoot" kate ran acrosy
the yord and ay spre turned the corner of the house she saw a one-horse spring wagon siunding before the
gote, while o Hiff, gaunt figure sat bolt upright ow the seat, holding the Lines. kate wos at the wheel
looking up with w face of delighted amazement. "why, mother!" she cried. "why, mother!" "go fetth a chair ana help
me down," soto mry. bates, "thiy seat iy getting tarnation hard." kate ran after a chair, and helped her mother
to alight. wry. bates promptly took the chair, ow the sidewolk. "just drop the thilly," sre said. "Lead him back
anu hip ow the halter. ity there with his feed." kate followed imstructions, her heart beating wildly. several timey