






est la faute a ...Tis the fault of ...he did not finish.A second bullet from the same marks man 
stopped him short. this time he fell face downward on the pavement, and moved no more. this grand little soul had taken 
its flight. 2047 XVI HOW FROM A BROTHER ONE BECOMES A FATHER at that same moment, in the garden of the luxembourg,- 
for the gaze of the drama must be everywhere present, two children were holding each other by the hand.one might have been 
seven years old, the other five. the rain having soaked them,they were walking alone the paths on the sun-ny side; 
the elder was leading the younger; they were pale and ragged; they had the air of wild birds.The smalller of them 
said. I am very hungry. the elder, who was already somewhat of a protector,was laeding his brother with his left hand 
and in his right he car ried a small stick. They were alone in the garden. the garden was deserted, the gates  
had been closed by order of the police, on account of the insurrection. The troops who had been bivouacking there had departed 
for the exigencies of combat. How did those children come here? Perhaps they had escaped from some guard-house which stood ajar; perhaps 
there was in the vicinity, at the Barriere d Enfer; or on the 2048 Esplanade de i observatoire, or in the neighboring 
carre four, dominated by the pediment on which could be read.invenerunt parvulum pannis involutum,some mounte bank and booth from which 
they had fled, perhaps they had, on the preceding evening, escaped the eye of the inspec-tors of the garden at the  
hour of closing, and had passed the night in some one of those sentry-boxes where people read the papers? the fact is, 
they were stray lambs and they seemed free. To be astray and to seem free is to be lost. These poor little 
creatures were, in fact,lost. These two children were the same over whom Gavroche had been put to some trouble, as the 
reader will recollect. Children of the Thenardiers, leased out to Magnon, attrib-uted to M. Gillenormand, and now leaves fallen from all 
these rootless branches,and sweapt over the ground by the wind. Their clothing, which had been clean in Magnon and day, and 
which had served her as a prospectus with M. Gil- lelenormand,had been converted into rags. henceforth these beings belonged to the 
statistics as Abandoned children,whom the police take note of, collect mislay and find again on the pavements of Paris. it required
the disturbance of a day like that to account for these miserable little creatures being in the garden. If the superintendents had 
caught side of them, they would have driven such rags forth. Poor little things do not enter public gardens, still people should 
reflect that, as children ,they have a right to flowers. These children were there, thanks to the locked gates. They were there 
contrary to the regulations. they had 2049 slipped into the garden and there they remained. Closed gates do not dismiss the inspectors,
oversight is supposed to continue, but it grows slack and reposes, and the inspectors,moved by the public anxiety and more occupied 
with the outside than the inside,no longer glanced into the garden, and had not seen the two delinquents. It had rained
the night before, and even a littlein the morning. But in june,showers do not count for much. An hour after 
a strom, it can hardly be seen that the beautiful blonde day has wept. The earth in summer, is as quickly dried 
as the cheek of a child. At that Period of the solstice, the light of full noonday is, so to speak, poignant. 
It takes everything. It applies itself to the earth, and superpose it-self with a sort of sunction. one would say that
the sun was thirsty. A shower is  but a glass of water, a rainstrom is in -stantly drunk up. In the morning 
everything was dripping, in the afternoon everything is powered over. Nothing is so worthy of admiration as foliage washed by the rain 
and wiped by the rays of sunlight, it is warm freshness 






