your progeny are but a trial.." (anfal, 8: 28). this danger of sedition becomes clear when the strength and the 
constancy of the affection felt for the children and goods is contemplated, however, loving the creation is permissible within the lawful
boundaries as a transitory station it is condoned and allowed as a training ground for the heart it helps us
to prepare for divine love the mathnawi "oh, the life of lovers consists in death thou will not win the
(beloveds) heart except in losing your own." (v.1: 1751) as we have mentioned before, the lover is inclined to
be lost in the beloved, and they cherish this. the companions of the prophet used all their means and were 
ready to sacrifice themselves. whenever they could they would respond as follows. "i sacrifice my life and possessions for you, 
a messenger of allah!"the actualization of this state is the ultimate satisfaction of the yearning for the love of 
allah.the moths that were able to receive a minute share of this condition were called pervane;they threw themselves 
in the fire to prove their love. muhammad iqbal writes about this in a poem: "one night i heard a 
clothes moth talking to a pervane. "i dwelled in the books of avicenna. i saw the books of al-farabi. (i 
wandered through the endless dry lines and among the faded letters and ate them away. i roamed every street and 
road of al-madinatu l fadila of farabi, which means the city of the graceful but) i could not possibly understand 
the philosophy of this life. i became a sad traveler of dead end roads full of nightmares. i have no 
sun to shine on my days."the pervane displayed its charred wings to the clothes moth after hearing this and 
said. "look! i have burnt my wings for this love," and continued, "what makes life more full of life are  
the struggles of love;love gives wings to life!" what the pervane was trying to say to the clothes moth 
was, "save yourself from perishing on these benighted, steep roads of philosophy. open your wings to unity by taking a 
share from the ocean of spirituality that are full of love, fascination and prosperity."love begins with struggle.reaching unity 
by transcending the ocean of life becomes true on the abundant and fertile grounds of love and fascination the following 
is a famous hadith qudsi, or saying of allah. "i was a hidden treasure, and i wished to be known; 
this is why i created the universe." thus we can understand that the universe and the whole of creation consist 
of divine love.this the reason why people see the world with a deep stirring in the soul, perceiving 
all the worldly belongings and wealth as sign of love and affection, and why they realize that allah almighty 
has created everything; they accept this as evidence of his abilities and perfection. mawlana rumi explaines the importance of love 
and affection for human in the following lines. "know how pitiful is he who does not possess divine love and 
affection;he may even be inferior to a dog,because the dog of the companions of the cave 18 searched 
for tamed love,and found it,he reached spiritual pleasure and those special mortals attained heaven." the pious know that
the reason for their creation is the bud of external affection,the prophet muhammad (pbuh): a beloved! if it was in
not for you i would not have created the universe.complimented with the title the light of creation , the 
prophet muhammad (may god bless him and grant him peace),has had the universe dedicated to him.the first and 
last page of the calendar of prophethood the prophet muhammad (pbuh),whose divine light appeared before adam, but who physically appeared after all the other messengers,was both the first and the last in the line of prophets.in respect 
of creation, the prophet muhammad(pbuh) was the first, but in respect of time, he was the last prophet. as 
he was the reason for the entire creation, allah almighty blessed him with the title beloved .the prophet muhammad 
s exceptional life was established by allah almighty in the most beautiful way, both spiritually and physically,and he was 
then blessed as a mercy for the whole of mankind. the manners and personality of the prophet muhammad (pbuh) and 
his behaviour towards mankind are an example for all.allah almighty created the prophet muhammad as an axample of perfect 
character for everyone. this is why he was sent into the community as a pitiful orphan, passing through all the 
grades and levels of society and stages of life,becoming a head of state and prophet,thus the reached the  
highest rank of authority and power. his display of excellent behaviour and actions,his intelligence,and his capabilities and power are an example for human beings at any level or rank. in fact,the prophet muhammad (pbuh) was sent by 
allah the merciful as an example for all of mankind from the time he was appointed to the prophethood until 
the day of judgement. we are told in the following verse. "ye have indeed in the messenger of allah an 
excellent exemptar for him who hopes in allah and the final day, and who remembers allah much ." (ahzab,33:21) 
we can understand from this that it is our duty to study the life and actions of the prophet muhammad 
(pbuh)in order to attain the excellent temperament, faith and spiriatual intuition. every human must wrap themselves 

 
 















in his spritually and affection in order to be able to apply their own knowledge and instincts when following his blessed example. before becoming a prophet,muhammad lived a contented and dignified life, believing in the unity of allah .in particular,during the peroid immediately before he was blessed with the duty of prophethood, he would spend much of his time in worship,retreating to the mountain of light (hira) and absorbing himself in deep contemplation. the reason for this seculation was 








in









































































































































 
  


