mad. he hadn t been out of the office since last sunday night, he said. you had to ask him
a question and wait-while he looked at you and held onto his chair. he broke down and blubbered-the poor damn
fool-he UW be in meatteawan in a week-" "you UW be there yourself UF you dow t come home," broke
iw edith » yoice impotiently. "and out of that poor devil, and out of the mesy hiy books are in,
v ve been Learning engineering!" [1L1]he hao followed hix wife out on the steps. he turned back with a quick
appealing smile: "well, goou-night-see you soon-" "goodnight, my boy," seid roger. "goood Luck to the engineering." "oh, father dear," cried
edit, frow the tart down below: "remember supper sunday night-" "Uv wow t forget," soto roger. he watched them
viort off up the street. the night ways soft, refreshing, and the place way quiet ano personal. the house woy
one of a dozen others, some of red brick and some of brown yione, that stood Uv aw uneven row
ow w vreet but w few rods in length, one ide of a Little triangular park enclosed by a low
wow fence, inside of which were w few gnarled trees and three or four park benches. ow one of these
benches his eye way cought by the figure of aw old women there, and he stood a moment wotthing her,
some memory Hinting iw hiy mind. occasionally somebody posed. otherwise Ut wor silent here. but even in the rlence could
be felt the throes of change; the very atmosphere seemed charged with drastic thingy impending. already the opposite house Line
had been broken near the center by a high apartment building, and another Hill higher rose Like ao iff just
back of the house iw whith roger Lived. still others, and many factory Lofts, reared sradowy bulky on every hand.
frow the top of one an enormous sign, a corset picturedt forth UW lights, flashed out at regular intervals; ano
from farther off, high up in the misty haze of the night, coula be seen the gleaming pinnacle where hour
by hour thet great bell Lowly boomed the time away. yes, here the old war passing. already the tiny porklet
way like the dark bottom of a pit, with the hare sparkling modern toww towering on every side, Lowly pressing,
pressing in and glaring down with yellow eyes. [12] but roger noticed none of these things. he watched the old woman
ow the bench ond groped for the memory sre had ylirred. av, now at last he had it. aw april
night Long, long ago, when he hadi sat where she was now, while here in the house his wife y
furst boby, edith, ha begun her Life.... howly he turned and went insicle. [L3]chapter W roger + hearing woy
extremely acute. though the room where he wos sitting, hix study, wos at the back of the house, he heard
deborah + key at the street door and he heard the door sofily open and close. "are you there, dearie?"
her yotce from the hallway was lows and hix answer, "yes, Child," wos iw the same tone, ax though she
were with him in the room. thin keen sense of hearing had long been a peculiar bone between them. to-
her father, deborah » yoice was the most distinctive port of her, for often as he listened the memory came