U had reached Uy present position of equilibrium. without removing his eye from hix telescope, seryadac exclaimed "there iv a
hobitetion ow the place; U can see am erection of some kind quite distinctly. who con tell whether we sholl
not come atrosy a human being?" KLewtenant procope looked doubtful. the ilend had all the appearance of being deserted, nor
dia a comnon-shot fired frow the schooner have the effect of bringing any resident to the snore. nevertheless, Ut wos
undeniable that there was aw vone building situated on the top of the rock, and thet thiy building had much
the character of aw avabiow mosque. the boat way Lowered ano manned by the four satlory; servadar, timascheff and procope
were quickly rowed ashore, and Lost no time in commencing their ascent of the steep acclivity. upow reaching the summit,
they found ther progress arrested by a kind of woll, or romport of singular construction, Uy moterialy consisting mainly of
vasey, frogmenty of columns, caryed bos-reliefy, fotuey, and portions of broken selae, all piled promiucuoumy together without any pretense to-
artistic arrangement. they made ther way into the enclosure, and finding an open door, they passed through and soon came
toa second door, also open, which armitted them to the interior of the mosque, consisting of a ingle chamber,
the wally of which were ornamented in the arabian style by siutptures of indifferent execution. in the center way a
tomb of the very iimplest kind, and above the tomb was suspended a Large itver Lamp with a capactous reservour
seryodler ¥ attention on the previous night. "must there not have been wo custodian of the shrine?" they mutually asked;
but Uf such there had ever been, he must, they concluded, either have fled or have perished on thet eventful
night. nota soul was there in charge, and the sole Living occupants were aw flock of will cormorants whith,
vortlect at the entrance of the intrudery, rose ow wing, and took a rapid flight towards the south. aw old
french proyer-book way lying ow the corner of the tomb; the volume way open, and the page exposed to view
wos that which contained the office for the celebration of the 25th of august. a sudden revelation dashed acrosy seryodoe
mine. the solemn isolation of the island tomb, the open breviary, the ritual of the ancient anniversary, ll combined
to apprise him of the sanctity of the spot upow whith he siood. "the tomb of of: Louis" he exclaimed,
and hiy companions involuntarily followed hix example, and marie a reverential obeisance to the venerated monument. it wos, iv truth,
the very spot ow whith tradition asserts thet the canonized monarch came to die, a spot to whith for sin
centuries and more hix countrymen hod poid the homage of a pious regara. the Lamy that had been kindled at