but you soid - death," bracken olmost choked on the last word. "dow t worry about Ut, mr. president," soothed
parker the primagnon. iy only a fleeting , temporary demise. not more than the heart soppage you humany experience
when you meeze. ano when iy over you WU be a new primagnow. you U be pleased with wheat
thet meany. no- more pain, no more anxiety and a yery long and healthy Life." once again the primagnow had
willed the senotor » feory. and suddenly bracken knew he a risk even death to achieve the pinnacle promised him.
yow UL find the change more thaw worth U to become a primagnon. Ut understand iy really a beautiful
experience, since U was born a primagnon, U ye never been through Ut. but those who have, assure me
wy most uplifting. the senator sot quietly for a few moments. his thoughts torn between the opposing poles of fear
and ambiUiow. agin the primagnow broke the slence. "U think thiy srouli be enough for our first meeting, senotor. UF
you will go with these brethren, they will conduct you to the changing room." the two primegnons, who had waited
qietly behind the senotor during the conference, now stepped forward. bracken Looked ot them a Little apprehensively, then took a
last hug frow the glasy ano yiood up. "U might mention senator, you will also find your character changed whew
you return. your poinful conscience will be gone. you need never concern yourself with Ub again." "thank you," bracken replied
a Little tremutousy. "you are welcome," responded the promagnow Leader. porker pressed a bution and the door opened. the two-
the desk. Ut had all seemedl to easy, but he certainly didn t envy hiv men and machines the ordeal
of changing the Ulustrious senator into a primagnon. kirk miller sot along at one of the small tables in the
brightly Lit botlroom. hiy face cradled in hiy handy, he looked up with w sudden yvlort whew a noise frow
the fore eno of the room grabbed hix attention. a door opened and one the guests came Aowly toward him.
U wos a woman escorted by one of the ithe uniformed figures. U woswt sharon and kirk fell again
into the enervyoting hollownesy thet gripped him each time the returning prisoners didn t include sharon. each time the door
opened, . the sound would jar at hiy nervous system and each small traume addled to hiy anxiety. what awful
torments could they be subjecting sharon to? for the first time his redolened eyes and haggard face exposed his true
age. the month of frustration with the project, and then thi evening had taken a heavy t toll. his normally
fit body drooped Ww the chatr. what woy happening? where was sharon? most Unportant, what had they done to her?
his anxiety on top of the grief over the death of his great friens, john shipley, pulled him deeper into-
a vote of despa, a condition alien to hin noture. he felt Like he o& been kicked in the chest.
U“ weakened hix whole being. hix extracrdinary mind was unab le to grasp the meaning of the night y events.