to complete repairs. the daily 18:00 conference agenda was reduced to quick status reports from the department heads and a
full discussion of mike s plan. eric peter listened to the report but was obviously bothered by the 48 hour
extimate. captain brezinski asked eric peter to explain why he was concerned. eric peter replied, "without a course correction in
the next 36 hours we are in danger of entering the asteroid belt." this thought sobered the entire group. captain
brezinski told mike he had 36 hours to complete the repair. mike agreed it would be possible if they shortened
the testing procedures. she approved the plan and wished mike good Luck. brother simon offered his prayers, but mike just
grumbled and left the room. the captain told brother simon to be more cautious discussing religion around mike. brother simon
agreed to be more discrete, but could not understand the discomfort that mike had about religion. captain brezinski reminded him
that the mission allowed for the individual practice of religion, but that great care must be taken to protect everyone
from the stress of undue influence on their personal beliefs. if mike chose to believe that religion was somehow evil,
that belief had to be honored. brother simon accepted this but vowed to continue his prayers privately. eric peter and
the computer continued to work on the navigational problems and it appeared that the initial concern regarding the asteroid belt
was justified. a course correction was essential to prevent a possible collision, which at their present speed would be catastrophic
with even a minor asteroid. captain breninski was not pleased with their report. mike s crew began working on the
drone parts as soon as they came from the autosupplier. the finish was very good but the bearings and critical
attachment points had to be reamed by hand under the microscope. completion of the drone took almost 28 hours. the
estimated repair time was two hours and 30 minutes. the proposed testing sequence had to be scrapped. the evaluation of
the drone was limited to observing it function on a mockup of the damaged sensor while still on the assembly
bench. mike called the captain and reported that the drone was ready but untested. captain brezinski asked mike if he
was ready to proceed. he replied simply, "no but they had no other apparent choice." captain brezinski concurred and ordered
mike to deploy the drone. the entire crew had at Least part of their monitors connected to the video output
of the drone in order to monitor its progress. the drone entered the tube without difficulty and progressed to the
damaged sensor. the video display revealed that the sensor had been dislodged with a broken weld evident on the close
up views. the drone began the repair program by using the plasma torch to cut away the remaining weld. the
cutting was 6O percent complete when the drone suddenly shut down. mike was able to bring the light and video