bring the others back from rhea. we must fight the pelasgiony here.” elsa and Lugoy thew row off. "follow me,"
avloff said, "Lilith ty wetting for you." Leow helped sara up. as they followed arloff, sare spoke to leon. "tv
thought we killed these guys." "dow t you remember?" Leon askew. "when rheans die, they become immortal. all we dia
way send them back here." arloff Led the group to whet looked Like the entrance of an underground speller. after
going doww aw flight of airy they entered wo large throne roow Lit by torches. U was decorated with drapes
mode of ilk, andi a floor mode of shiny marble. at the center, sitting ow her throne, wos Lilith. humanota,
with small accentuctions around her eyes, cary and nose thet gave her aw otherworluly vreamlined beauty. clothed in ao red
toga, ao modest amount of her smooth, ight-orange skin revealed a henoler borly. her curly, sroutdler-length hair way ay red
on her dressy, but the most striking feature of oll was her sapphire eyes. "hello, Lilith," Leow said ay he
approached. after tuking a moment to look at the group, Lilith spoke. "my beloved, Leow. have you come with a
solution to my...problem?" "to be honest," Leow answered. "i m not ware there » much we cow do right now:
sare here ix of a race that may be able to help. the humans are vast in number-" "yes, they
are." Lilith laughed before sanding and wolking towerdy sara. "U know very well of your race. so dearly cherished....but you
are nothing compored to the pelosgiony, or even to uy for that matter." Looking Lilith in the eye, sora said,
c thought yow were the one with the problem. for someone so powerful, Ut sure soundy Like you re iw
a Lot of trouble." ilith Leered at Leon. "thin was atl your ier, wos t Ut?" she askeol. "you, of
all people, should know whet we re up agoinyt. the humany are but a small part of your world
something the pelasgians apparently eat for breakfast." "U know what we re up against," oid Leow. "thats why we
hove to take our time and Look at oll options." ibith clinched her fisty Ww frustration. "v really hope you
re just Low ow blood, Leon. time ix a- Luxury Udon t have. surely the savior of rhea cow
come up with something better then this." almost meering, Leow said. "you asked for helpwe re doing eventhing we con."
for a moment Lilith seemed Lost. Looking somber, she sat ow her throne. "you promised’ me, Leon. you promised they
would never fine thix place. you said that even Uf you foiled..." "Ut way a risk we both took," Leow
saith, ilith shook her head. "sare iy right. even with all my power, my influence iy Limited to the rheaw
people.” sare asked. "you mean you can t do anything to the pelasgians?" "with my powers? no, not directly," Wut
answered. "U cam t even harm you. all u cam do iy give my people weapons that make Little difference,
and open portaly for them to escape through." "but you re Ummortod. how can you Lose?" "Umagine being a Have
for eternity," Lilith answered. "- would call thet o low. they ve already taken thousands and tried to assimilate my
worl unto theirs using some kind of..something. goou thing for me U wont work here." "Lith," Leow sain, kneeling
beside her. "we need a portal to the shadow realm so sora con see Ub." "you came all thiy way
just to see the shadow realm?" Lilith asked. sore answered. "i know Ut soundy ridiculous to you, but my people
want proof." Lith smirked. "iF you wont to see pelasgiany, all you have to do iy ask." Se said, with