relentless drain of war was felt by the tenement people themselves, for all of them were foreigners, and from their  
relatives abroad, in those wide zones of europe alreay blackened and laid waste, in endless torrents through the mails came 
wild appeals for money. in such homes her children lived. and deborah had set her mind on vigourous measures of  
relief. landlords must be made to wait and the city be persuaded to give work to the most needy, food 
and fuel must be secured. as she spoke of the task before her, with a flush of animation upon her 
bright expressive face at the thought that in less than an hour she would be facing thousands of people, the 
gloom of the picture she painted was dispelled in the  spirit she showed. "these things always workout," she declared 
with an impatient shrug of her shoulders. and watching her admiringly, young besty thought, "how strong she is! what a 
wanderful grown up woman!" and roger watching thought, "how young." "what things?" it was edith s voice at the door, and  
among those at the table there was a little stir of alarm. she had entered unnoticed and now took her 
seat. she was looking pale and tired. "what things work out so finely?" she asked, and with a glance at 
deborah s grown, "where are you going?" she added. "to a meeting," deborah answered. "oh" and edith began her soup. 
in the awkward pause that followed, twice deborah started to speak to her[199]sister, but checked herself, for at other  
dinners just like this she had made such dismal failures. "by the way, edith, "she said, at last, "i ve  
been thinking of all that furnitures of yours which is lying in storage." her sister looked up at her, started. 
"what about it?" she asked. "there s so much of it you don tcare for," deborah answered quietly. "why 
don t you let a part of it go? i mean the few pieces you ve always disliked." "for what 
purpose?" "why, it seems such a pity not to have hanah back in the house. she would make things so 
much easier."roger felt a glow of relief. "a capital plan."he declared at once. "it would be, " edith corrected 
him, "if i hadn t alreay made other plans." and then in a brisk, breathless tone, "you see i ve
made up my mind,"she said, "to sell not only part but all my furniture-very soon- and a few other belongings 
as well- and use the money to put george and elizabeth and little bob back in the schools where they belong." 
"mother!" gasped elizabeth, and with a prolonged "oh-h" of delight she ran around to her mother s chair. "but look 
here," george blurted worriedly, "i don t like it, mother, darned if i do! you re selling everything- just for school!"
"school is rather important,george," was edith start rejoiner. "if you dont think so, as your aunt." "what
do you think of it, auntie?" he asked the cloud which had come on deborahs face was lifted in
an instant. "i think, george," she answered gently, "that youd better let your mother do what she thinks best
for you it will make thinks easier here in the house," she added, to her sister, "but i wish you
could have hannah, too." "200]oh, ill manage nicely now," said edith and with a slight smile of triumph she
resumed her dinner. "the war wont last forever," muttered roger uneasily. and to himself. "but suppose it should last a
year or more." he did not approve of edith scheme. "its burning her brifges all at once, for
something that isnt essential," he thought. but he would not tell her so. meanwhile deborah glanced at the clock.
"oh! its nearly eight o clock! i must burry or ill be late," she said. "goof-night, all-" and
she left them. roger follwed her into the hail. "what do you think of this?" he demanded. her reply was
a tolerant shrung. "its her own money, father-" "all her money!" he rejoined. "every dollar she has in the
world!" "but i dont just see how it can be helped." "cant you talk to her, show her
what folly it is?" "hardly," siad deborah, smiling. already she had on her coat and hat and was turning to
go. and her father scowled with annoyance. she was always going, he told himself, leaving him to handle her sister
alone he would like to go out himself in the evenings yes, by george, this very night it would act like a
ronic on his mind. just for a moment, standing there, he saw cooper union packed to the doors, he heard
the ringing speeches, the cheers, but no, it was not to be thought of. with this silent was going on
in his house he knew he must stay nrutral. watchful waiting was his course if he went out with deborah,
edith would be distinctly hurt, and sitting all evening here alone she would draw still deeper into herself. and so
it would be night after night, as it had been for many weeks. he would be cooped up at home
while deborah did the running about.... in half the time 201]it takes to tell it, roger had worked himself into
a state where he felt like a mighty badly used man "i wish youwould speak to her," he said
"i wish you could manage to find time to be here more in the eenings. edith worries so much and
she trying so hard a little sympathy now and then" "but she dosent seem to want any from
me," said his daughter, a bit impatiently. "i know its hard of course it is but what can i do?
she wont let me help. and besides there are other families, you know thousands really suffering for the lack of all that we
have here." she smiled and kissed him quicly. "good-night, da dear, i ve got to run." and the door
