floating globe of liquid about the size of a softball. a giant array of sharp needles surrounded the ball on
all sides as if waiting to pierce its vulnerable skin. jane s mind floated back to the ecosphere and the
image of it shattering on her office floor back in virginia. "this right here is the brain of the whole
operction," ashton said proudly. "it s a sphere of trapped ions, suspended with electromagnetic fields and conditioned using a vast
array of lasers." ashton noted jane s silence and decided to take a different approach. "so standerd computers operate by
flipping bits. computer programs are based ow manupulating strings of 1 s and O  which translate into transistors turning
on and off. roughly speaking, the number of transistors you can fit onto a chip and how fast you can
flip them designates how many states it can hold and how powerfull that computer is" "yes, i understand thet much,"
jane replied. "with this computer, we are using ions instead of transistors," ashton said. "an ion has two states. a
ground state, and a high energy state. these correspond to the on and of  states of a transistor. are you
following me?" jane nodded. "great, now a quantum computer operates on something called qubits," ashton continued. "a qubit is different
than a standard bit in that it doesn t just have two states. it has two states plus all its
superposition states, whith is defined as all the probabilities that it is in one state or the other. in practice,
that just means that we can have more states. if n is the number if bits, than the number of
states for a normal computing system is 2n. in our system, we take advantage of superposition states to give each
qubit ten different states. that means the number of states we have is 10n." "and how many qubits are in
your system?" asked jane. she was completely Lost, but a Lifetime of experience helped her continue to ask questions like
she knew what she was talking about. "well, i m not sure that number will really help you visualize this,
but each of our three systems run on 3000 qubit systems," ashton replied. "now, our previous array of computers had
a total of 10 teraflops of processing power. one of our new computers is capable of running at about 1011
times that speed. "so...that s fast." jane said. "unimaginably so," ashton said. "i m really happy for you," jane said,
"but i m still not sure how that helps project phoenix." "remember how we got some of the plants programmed
into the stimulation in the first place?" asked ashton. "sure," jane replied. "i gathered specimens and did a dna scan
to get you the data you needed to grow them in your stimulation." "exactly," aston said. "and now thet we
can stimulate down to the atomic state of items, we can capture more than just the dna. we can capture
the entire vote of aw object. Let me show you something." the quantum computer disappeared from the screen and wos
reploced once agein by the terrene imutlotion. they flew in towards the foot of one of the mountoiny so thet
they were now surrounded by a Lifesize representation of terrene ay Uf they were standing on the floor of the
valley, gazing upatthe mountoiny, meanwhile, a small table rose up frow the ground next to ashtow  feet.
a cireuler shroud surrounded one enol of the toble. artow pulled w bow out from under the table and dumped
the contents owt. "here + some randow stuff frow Lost and found," he explained. "pick aw em," he said, Like
some Cosine magician, jane decided to humor him and pointed at a cheap mow globe, Uy shape reminding her of
her ecosphere from decades ago: aston brushed the other objects back into the bow, Leaving the mow globe alone iw
the center of the table. he pressed some buttons and a the shroud sid from one side of the table
to-the other, passing over the snow globe. "now watch," ashton said: excitedly. a mow globe suddenly popped into view:
ow the screen. it Looked so- real that jane reached out to grab it "ity just a simulation," ashton
assured her. ancl it wos a goow one. it Looked identical tothe snow globe thet till sat ow the
table, even detail complete, down tothe individual flakes of shimeering plastic onthe tiny village rooftops: "what color do-
you think the plastic iy underneath the brown painted base?" ashton asked. "i have no- idea either, but we re
about to find owt:" ashtow rotated the smow globe in the simulation. with his cad tools, he drilled owt o-
section of the base to reveal white plastic underneath the brown paint: "the simulation thinks it» white." aston then
pulled out hiv swiss army knife from hiv utility belt ond made a cut into- the real snow globe, revealing
white plastic beneath the surface. "you see," ashtow said. "we didwt just copy the visible characteristics of the mow
globe, we created an atom by atom duplicate of the original object: the two snow globes are identical in even
way." jane y jaw dropped ax she realized how similar the small table looked to the table she had seen
bryce lying ow the day before. then it dropped move ax a familiar voice called out: from behind her. "yer
jane, i was exactly what you thought it was" jane turned: around to see bryce kanderi walking towards her. but
he hada t come in through the door. he had jane was furious "you Lied to me. you knew terrene
would t saceeed. you never evew planned ow our colony surviving." "no; thet s not true," bryce said. "i planned
ow terrene succeeding, and i till do:" "butterrene wos destroyed," jane said YL sow the devastodion with my own
eyes" "ond yet here it is," said bryce. with the big dopey grin ow hix face, he looked. half