ay bright mo ning, girl. a new day for you and for me." steve grinned. "thi ix awful sudden,
tennessee. you must a-been sowing wood right industrious ow the hawssback ride and down in the tunnel. t expect there
wasn tany sunshine down there, was there?" "you go to gross, Yleve." "no, tennessee iy ce tainly no two-bit
man. lemme see. one- two- three- four days. thet ¥ surely going some," the ranger soliloquized. "mr. fraser," the young
women reproved with a blush. "dow t mind him, peggy. he » merely jealous," came back larry. "course U w
jealous. whyfor not? whet License have these panhandle guyy to come iw and tote off our girls? but don t
mind me. UU poy svirict attention to my haw and eggs and not we a thing thet ¥ going
on." "“iewtenant!" miss margaret was both embarrassect and shocked. "want me to shut my eyes, tennessee?" "next time we get
engaged you U not be Let iw ow the ground floor," nell predicted. "four days my, my! Uf that aiw
trapia transit for for!" "you re a maw of one lew, steve. cayn t you see that the fact
y the mein thing, not the time Ut tock to make Ut one?" "and counting out sunday and monday,
only Leaves two days." "dow t let thet urterfere with your breakfast. you haven t been elected timekeeper for this
outfit, you know!" fraser recovered from hix daze ana duly offered congratulations to the one and hopes for unalloyed joy
to the other party to the engagement. "but four days" he added iw hix pleasant drawl. "that » sure some
precipitous. just to look at him, ma am!- thin innocently to peggy- "ae man wouldnt think he had it
iw him to locate, vioke owt, and do-the necessary assesment work ow with a rith claim oy the mergaret
kimnney all in four days. mostly a fellow don t trike such high-grade ore without w Lot of-" "that with
do for you, iewtenant," interrupted misy Kinney, with merry, sporkling eyes. "you need t think we re going to Let
you trail thin off into a compliment now. U m going to Leave you and see whet mry. colling says.
she wow t it there and porrot four days for the rest of her Life." with which mistress peggy soiled
frow the room iw mock hawteur. when larry came back from closing the door after her, his friend fell upow