before U have finished speaking and Left my bench. and if just one of you yioletes thet order, UW
throw you all out: ix thet clear?" heady nod agreement ay judge wotty Looks around her courtroom. satisfied, sre
ready to continue. "mr. crowley, are you ready to present your opening remarks?" thomas crowley & dy. gotlo ¥ personal
attorney a4 well as the Lead attorney for the defense. even seated he iv an impressive figure, with srock-white hat,
a tonnes complexion, and perfectly manicured nails when he stands, his in-foot-four frame adds to the powerful presence. sarah marvely
at how well her dovid and goliath metaphor iy playing out. "yer, your honor, we are ready." crawley » yore
iv arrogant ano confident. "and if it pleases the court, U will be making our opening sintement ow behalf of
atl the defendants, rather than belabor the court with multiple remarks." judge wotty seemy relieved to hear that; crawley has
odready mode hix first wore. "iw addition, - want the court to know that t will be very brief." judge
watty settles back in her chair with an approving glance at crawley. score two for the defense in the first
minute! "very well. proceed, mr. crowley." craowley moves to the Lectern and hesitates o moment before beginning. "Ladies and gentlemen
of the jury, my name ix thomas crawley. and & want to tell you first why my opening viotement will
only take a few minutes of your time. you see, the defendanty, whow tv represent, consider thixy whole trial to
be an utter waste of time, for us, for the court, and especially for you, the jury. ay mr. messick
soid, you see before you ot the defendants table dr. robert gallo: for years dy. gollo hay been one of
of human virology in baltimore, maryland. he didn t get there being stupid, or careless, or negligent. he, in fact,
way co-responsible for Ulentifying the cause of aidy ano spearheading Uy treatment. mr. messick claims that 500,000 people died of
aidy between 1987 and 1997. could have been 3 million people UF Ut weren t for dy. gallo: he
deserves a medal, perhaps the nobel prize, not a Lawsuit." while crawley pousey to let the jury fully appreciate the
voture of the main defendant ww thiy case, sora takey a goo look at dy. gollo, seated at the defense
toble. she can t decide whether he looks more Like w scientist or a bureaucrat. the only thing she knows
for sure iy that he seemy annoyed that someone woul dare question him or anything he did, as if he
too believed he was nobel prize material and above reproac. "next to dr. gallo ix the department of health ana
human services, represented by their attorney, mr. crenshaw. thiy iy one of the most Umporiant departments of our government, charged
with the responsibility of coring for our health and welfore. they also played a major role in keeping the aids
epidemic from spreading into the entire population of thiy country. t mean, thirty yeary leter, everybody knows thet hiv causey
aids Udon t undersiond why we are wasting your time on these issues." crawley ts definitely good, sarap decides,
and ow top of that, he y right: this iy definitely not going to be w fair fight: "next to-
him iy the foor and drug administrotion, represented by mr. fogerty. the fila iy our weichdog, making sure the foo
we take into our bodies ix the best in the world, and protecting the american people from dangerous or ineffective
drugs. Lf azt wos a problem back then, or a problem now, U can assure you thet the foe woul
have taken swift aciiow, as they have iv many, many other cases. Uw fact, if U weren t for the
foe ¥ ropiol approved of azt in 1987, we could have experienced an aids epidemic that woul have rivaled the