feeling no responsibility for others. i know it is a weakness that i would even consider marriafe to save the 
livesof people i barely know." serafina breathed deeply. "very well. then i take it you are considering going ahead 
with an unwanted marriage, against your father s wishes, in an effort to save fernland from barburee." "no. i plan 
instead to ask advice from a wise woman." serafina laughed. electra continued, "it is not only fernland that is threatened.
it is helsop and henge as well. barburees reputation is know to all. this far they have proved invincible
and without mercy." serafina considered electras words. she glanced at the crystal ball, but did not pick it up.
finally she spoke. "was always comes in its time, but we will concern ourselves now with you and your future."
opened her eyes and looked at the electra. "iknowofplaces where you could go to immerse yourself in the
study of medicine. does such a plan interest you?" electras face lit up. "more than anything." serafina nodded. "good.
then i will tell you what you must do." serafina and electra showed up quite late for the meal dagon
had bought from the militias mess tent. the watery stew had fallen to room temperature and had little taste.
electra complimented the dinner and ate with relish turning to serafina, dagon commented, " your visit has had a remarkable effect
on electras spirits. doyoubelieve that your plan to dissuade bataar from war with henge has worked?' "i
do not believe so." serafina attached her stew with equal relish. "why then are you sohappy?" dagon asked, turning
to electra. electra looked down at her stew and did not meet his eyes. "it was a wonderful display of
witchcraft .one can always hope." take, muller and hilgard returned to their little campsite outside twenty quivers tent as the
sun was setting. they saw that the barburee women had left bowls of food for them on rocks beside the
fire. bear and smiles had just finished eatin. they were leaning back on hteir packs near the fire, a pile
of pastries between them. bear looked at muller with anger in his eyes, almost daring muller to say any thing
more about his being a coward because he refused to take chances around the exploding arrows. "you made sweet pastries?"
take asked, hesitating before picking oneup. "help yerself," smiles said. "me an bear showed them barburee ladies how it
s done." "umm, delicious," take took a bite andsettled in ext to the fire. "did they like them?" "a
course they liked em." bear slid the pastries away before muller could reach for one. "i m glad somebody had
a good day." muller took a bowl of barburee food and settled down to eat, purposely avoiding any mention of
his disagreement with bear earlier in the day. "we got nowhere trying to figure out why some of packets
of powder are exploding before they re supposed to." "oh, bears got that one figgred." smiles nudged his friend. 
"tell em bear." muller looked at bear, his surprise evident. "really?" bear frowned at smiles. "tellin you athing is  
like ta tellin the town crier." he turned back to muller. "i might know,but it s a guess, an 
yer not likely interested in hearin bout a guess." "a guess is better than what we ve got now. i 
would value your opinioin." muller tried hard to keeep his voice conciliatory. "not that we will be sharing the solution
to their bad magic if we find it,"mullar added softly. bear was quiet for a moment,gathering his thoughts. 
"i heard bout a few expliosions, workin as a baker. seems when the air gets to full a fine pounded 
flour an there s a fire near to it, the flour might just burst out aflame, like. an it happens 
so sudden, it just plain explodes. took out a storage shed down by a mill one timethey was dumpin the 
flour in an all a suddenboom. the whole shed come apart. an then agin, i worked with a cook, always 
openion the windows, he was, any time we d be bakin. said he d had a buddy what died 
when a kitchen flew apart from too much flour bein in the air. got hit with a fryin pan what  
blew up and took im out. so here i was today, i m poundin dough and smiles here is mashin 
up the flour an i look up and sees them girls gp the all the air in the tent just  
a bleedin bits a flour. i got every out a that tent in a hurryrememberin them stories."exploding flour?" muller 
asked, his face mirrioring his disbelief. "believe what ya want. ya asked and i told ya."bear poked the fire
with a stick and tried to ignore muller. "there was a lot of powder in the air around those boxes.
hilgard stared into the fire, remembering. "and sometimes there was powder on the outside of the tubes. tehy aren t
very careful about loading them." "even twenty quivers said sometimes that white powder just explodes on its own," take said 
looking at bear. "we ll watch and see. if it turns out the tubes explode early when there s powder 
in the air or on the tubes,we ll know. but hear me on this. we nneed figure this  
out for fernland s sake, and when we do, we will keep that knowledege to ourselves."muller looked straight at  
take as he emphasized the last few words. take put his palms out in front to signal surrender. "but let 
s not be too hasty, nor too set on one way of thinking. there may be way we can 
earn the gold but still keep the secret."muller looked at take suspiciously. "i doubgt it."just give me
 
  

























































